first driving lesson okay honey you can
do it you know what to do you're doing
it
yep take it to the outside a little bit
yeah good job
mm-hmm
oh no we're going to hit the fan
you're lame you gotta concentrate
already do you can fit between those
trees again we'll put them in these two
okay
let's try them take your time
exactly
mm-hmm
so much steering
you know close to the house hold on
there Penelope look at you going outside
that was a good one that you did that
yeah because you want you on hit the
soft part of the branch on the you know
into hard part the branch to hit the car
did you always the camera now did you
want to give a hang loose I know you're
not dead dumb I've done okay we're done
okay
what day is today it's August 13 August
14 2012 okay congratulations Taylor you
passed your driving test
you're now permitted to drive in the
neighbor's field yes you're not standing
in your field yeah okay you're done